README.md, before:

# A Home Assistant Integration for Samsung The Frame Art Mode

### Background

This bare-bones custom Home Assistant (HA) component controls art mode on (newer) Samsung The Frame TVs. It is intended to be a proof of concept implementation until I can either contribute to the HA development or get traction for a similar feature request. It uses the `samsung-tv-ws-api` Python API, also used by the official `samsungtv` platform in HA. The Python API supports many more features than turning the art mode on and off, but since I could not get these to work, only the most basic switch feature was implemented.

### Installation

The integration can be installed by copying the files to `/config/custom_components/frame_art`  and adding something similar to your `configuration.yaml`,

```
switch:
  - platform: frame_art
    switches:
      my_tv_art_mode:
        name: "My TV art switch"
        resource: 192.168.xxx.xxx
```
The `switches:`, `identifier:` (Name of the switch as a slug, where multiple entries are possible), and `resource` (TV ip-adress) options are mandatory, while the (friendly) `name:` is optional. You can also use `timeout:` (in seconds) to specify how long the TV has after an API call to answer before the switch is declared unavailable. The default is 5s.

### How it works or is intended to work

When the TV is on, the switch can be used to turn art mode for the TV on and off. The switch becomes unavailable when the TV is in standby mode (powered off). A HA automation will thus typically have to test whether the TV is on, which can be done through the standard Samsung TV integration. I have tested the integration on my 55in The Frame (2022) with Firmware 1640. Feedback on if it works with other models is appreciated.

## Why not implement directly in the Samsung TV integration?

This would naturally be the way to go long term, especially given that both integrations rely on  `samsung-tv-ws-api` (at least for newer TVs), but my programming skills are not yet good enough to contribute with a PR. This may happen before a feature request is heard; maybe not.

Commit message:

Cleaned up the installation instructions and the configuration parameters

README.md, after:

# A Home Assistant Integration for Samsung The Frame Art Mode

### Background

This bare-bones custom Home Assistant (HA) component controls art mode on (newer) Samsung The Frame TVs. It is intended to be a proof of concept implementation until I can either contribute to the HA development or get traction for a similar feature request. It uses the `samsung-tv-ws-api` Python API, also used by the official `samsungtv` platform in HA. The Python API supports many more features than turning the art mode on and off, but since I could not get these to work, only the most basic switch feature was implemented.

### Installation

The integration can be installed by copying the files to `/<config-directory>/custom_components/frame_art`  and adding something similar to your `configuration.yaml`,

```
switch:
  - platform: frame_art
    switches:
      my_tv_art_mode:
        name: "My TV art switch"
        resource: 192.168.xxx.xxx
```
### Configuration parameters:
---
| Name | Optional | `Default` | Description |
| :---- | :---- | :------- | :----------- |
| switches | **N** | - | The array that contains all switches.|
| identifier | **N** | - | Name of the switch as a slug (`my_tv_art_mode` above), where multiple entries are possible. |
| resource | **N**| - | IP address of the TV.|
| name | **Y** | `identifier` | Friendly name of the swicth.|
| timeout | **Y** | `5` | Time (in seconds) the TV has to answer after an API call before the switch is declared unavailable. |
---

### How it works or is intended to work

When the TV is on, the switch can be used to turn art mode for the TV on and off. The switch becomes unavailable when the TV is in standby mode (powered off). A HA automation will thus typically have to test whether the TV is on, which can be done through the standard Samsung TV integration. I have tested the integration on my 55in The Frame (2022) with Firmware 1640. Feedback on if it works with other models is appreciated.



## Why not implement directly in the Samsung TV integration?

This would naturally be the way to go long term, especially given that both integrations rely on  `samsung-tv-ws-api` (at least for newer TVs), but my programming skills are not yet good enough to contribute with a PR. This may happen before a feature request is heard; maybe not.
